introducing power flights power Pro
backpack vacuums available in both 6 and
10 quart sizes a real labor saver this
lightweight 11 pound economic unit
provides 4 stage true hepa filtration to
minimize dust particles and contaminants
in the air delivering a healthier indoor
environment maximize your cleaning
productivity by cleaning over 7,000
square feet per hour over three times
the area with the traditional upright
vacuum the power pro backpacks provide a
faster and more cost-efficient
alternative to traditional upright
vacuum cleaners lightweight and
comfortable to wear power pro backpacks
provide powerful suction producing 120
cubic feet per minute and 90 inches of
water lifts to deliver superior
performance to begin using the power Pro
backpack check and replace the
disposable and viral clean bag if
necessary shake any dirt or debris from
the outer cloth bag to ensure proper
filtration while vacuuming check the
HEPA filter cartridge to ensure that it
is not clogged if necessary replace the
HEPA filter standard on the power Pro
backpacks the true HEPA filtration with
99.97% efficiency at 0.3 microns is
designed to contain fine particulates
and dust improving indoor air quality
and reducing the risk associated with
the redistribution of potentially
harmful contaminants and allergens using
the heavy duty clasps secure the
airtight lid of the vacuum so dust
cannot escape into the air attach the
extension hose to the unit depending
upon your cleaning task attach the tool
of your choice to the adjustable double
bend wand for maximum comfort and a
secure fit attach the waist belt and
adjust the padded nylon shoulder straps
to secure the backpack comfortably the
durable injection molded housing and
vented back plate are designed to
eliminate heat transfer from the motor
to the operator's back begin cleaning by
turning on the power switch that
conveniently clips
to your pocket or belt loop this unit is
perfect for detail cleaning and
hard-to-reach areas on stairwells
escalators and much more the power Pro
backpacks provide increased mobility and
flexibility whisper quiet at 70 decibels
they meet LED requirements and can be
used during operating hours the unit
comes standard with crushproof hos
double ben bond carpet tool bristle
floor tool dust brush upholstery and
crevice tools this unit is perfect for
use in offices theaters churches
restaurants hospitals schools even buses
trains and airplanes for more
information please visit us at power
flight comm or call 888 two nine one
three